Update dev guidelines re comms & new contributors (#235)
neuroinformatics-unit/neuroinformatics-unit.github.io: docs/source/get-involved/development_guidelines.md

* Merge `dev` into `main`
* Move to feature branch/PR workflow (branching from `dev` if necessary while waiting for `dev` to be merged)

## Communication
Open source relies on communication between members of the community. However, this can get overwhelming for project 
maintainers, with GitHub issues, pull requests, Zulip messages and emails. For this reason, we follow these 
guidelines:

* Ensure as much communication happens in public as possible. Only confidential communication should happen via private channels.
* Do not directly email developers, please use official channels where possible (e.g. Zulip, GitHub).
* Ensure all communication is in the most appropriate place (i.e. discuss proposed changes within the relevant issue or PR).
* Make sure to [link issues to PRs](https://docs.github.com/en/issues/tracking-your-work-with-issues/using-issues/linking-a-pull-request-to-an-issue).
* Do not unnecessarily duplicate information. When you've raised a PR, all the relevant people will be notified. 

> Please don't post about the PR in the issue (linking the PR is sufficient), or post about in Zulip unless there is a specific aspect to discuss outside the PR.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Please do not post about the PR in the issue (linking the PR is sufficient), or post about in Zulip unless there is a specific aspect to discuss outside the PR.
```
